PD-366   TrueNAS Hardware/Software Compatibility Matrix (#1943)
truenas/documentation: content/Hardware/_index.md

Legacy documentation for discontinued iXsystems products is also archived here.

## TrueNAS Systems

{{< expand "TrueNAS Mini" "v" >}}

{{< trueimage src="/images/Hardware/MiniFamilyFront.png" alt="Mini E+ (Left), Mini X+ (Middle), and Mini XL+ (Right)" id="2 - Mini E+ (Left), Mini X+ (Middle), and Mini XL+ (Right)" >}}

TrueNAS Minis allow you to easily store and manage your important data using any storage protocol, including NFS, SMB, AFP, iSCSI, S3, and many others.
All Minis are backed by the OpenZFS (ZFS) enterprise-class file system that provides software RAID to protect your data from drive failure, data corruption, file deletion, and even malware attacks.

TrueNAS Minis are built with professional-grade components including ECC RAM and IPMI for remote management. Whisper-quiet fans and low power footprints make them ideal for a quiet office environment.

[Mini Basic Setup Guide]({{< relref "/Hardware/Mini/MiniBSG.md" >}})<br>
{{< /expand >}}

{{< expand "TrueNAS R-Series" "v" >}}
{{< trueimage src="/images/Hardware/R40R50Front.png" alt="R40 and R50" id="3 - R40 (Front) and R50 (Back)" >}}

> The TrueNAS R-Series is a family of single controller systems that leverage ZFS and TrueNAS to provide the industry's best storage value.

Reviewer: possessive case, suggest this as an alternative
```suggestion
The TrueNAS R-Series is a family of single controller systems that leverage ZFS and TrueNAS to provide the best storage value in the industry.
```

| M40 (Gen 2) | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:check"></span> Yes | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:x"></span> No |
| M50 (Gen 2) | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:check"></span> Yes | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:x"></span> No |
| M60 (Gen 2) | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:check"></span> Yes | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:x"></span> No |
| M30 (Gen 3) | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:check"></span> Yes | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:check"></span> Yes |
| M40 (Gen 3) | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:check"></span> Yes | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:check"></span> Yes |
| M50 (Gen 3) | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:check"></span> Yes | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:check"></span> Yes |
| M60 (Gen 3) | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:check"></span> Yes | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:check"></span> Yes |
| X10 | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:check"></span> Yes | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:x"></span> No |
| X20 | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:check"></span> Yes | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:x"></span> No |

> | F1 | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:x"></span> No | <span class="iconify" data-icon="oi:check"></span> Yes |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
